5.5	Reality-TV	The format for Big Brother in Canada remains largely unchanged from the U.S. edition, making them the only two version of the series thus far to follow this format. HouseGuests are ...
6.9	Comedy	An idealistic young Haitian travels to rural Quebec to intern for an independent Member of Parliament when a national debate erupts that finds the MP holding the tie-breaking vote.
3.1	Reality-TV	Canadians go to storages and but them for the right price
7.2	Reality-TV	The Amazing Race Canada is a reality television competition between ten teams of two in a race around the world for $250,000 to 'amazing' locations.
6.3	Reality-TV	Amateur chefs compete in this Canadian version of the reality-cooking series.
7.6	Drama, History, Sport	CANADA RUSSIA '72 is shot in a fluid documentary style that effectively captures all the immediacy of the '72 hockey summit's intrigues.
7.3	Drama	Fact-based story about a Pasadena cab driver who picks up what he believes is a routine fare, an elderly woman on her way to a funeral. However, the wealthy woman is soon is insisting that ...
7.5	Animation, Short, Comedy	A short illustrating a traditional Canadian folk song about a woman's admiration for the agility for her boyfriend, the log driver.
8.7	Documentary, History	A dramatized comprehensive survey of the history of Canada.
6.0	Music, Reality-TV	N/A
7.3	Animation, Adventure, Comedy, Family, Fantasy	A look at the relationship between Mike Wazowski (Billy Crystal) and James P. "Sully" Sullivan (John Goodman) during their days at Monsters University, when they weren't necessarily the best of friends.
7.1	Comedy, Short, Animation, Family	Three fun-loving, morally upright brothers from Pimento University save their fiancée from their fiendish archenemy, Dan Backslide, in this spoof of the Rover Boys.
3.9	Horror, Mystery, Thriller	A sociology instructor finds her new teaching duties at a private college interrupted by the presence of a killer mental hospital patient.
6.6	Comedy	It's a story about Khalaf Al Dahshori a young man from a small village in Upper Egypt (Sa'ed). Who gets a scholarship to the American University in Cairo, after getting the 2nd highest ...
7.6	Comedy, Drama	In pre-war Japan, a government censor tries to make the writer for a theater troupe alter his comedic script. As they work with and against each other, the script ends up developing in unexpected ways.
6.7	Game-Show	Jeremy Paxman hosts this trivia quiz show where colleges from around the UK compete against each other.
3.9	Action	A college student and his friends try to thwart a deranged war veteran's plan to poison the city's water supply.
6.7	Documentary	Documentary about disparate NYC parents' efforts to get their children into "feeder preschools," private institutions that claim to set youngsters on the track to admission into Ivy league colleges.
6.6	Comedy, Short	N/A
4.3	Horror	A series of brutal, cult-like murders are taking place at a New England college. Josh Greene, a shy freshman, is the lone survivor of a series of murders that are reminiscent of a similar ...
N/A	News	N/A
8.3	Comedy, Drama, Romance	Re-united after 50+ years apart, Celia and Alan decide to marry. At age 16, Alan's late wife failed to pass on a letter from Celia, his longtime crush, with an apology for missing their first date and her forwarding address. Both now have daughters with lover troubles.
6.7	Drama, History	A true story about the tragic explosion at Halifax Harbour, Canada, in the early hours of December 6, 1917.
5.9	Documentary, Short	N/A
7.3	Crime	Doctor Jane Halifax, a forensic psychiatrist investigating cases involving the mental state of suspects or victims. As Jane delves deep into the dark side of the human mind, she has her own...
5.1	Documentary, Short	N/A
6.2	Short, Comedy, Drama	Shot in real time with one 'locked off' camera position and one continual take, a family take the 10:22 train from Bradford to London when Dad looses his rag, pregnant Mam concocts a ...
5.9	Drama	Adapted from the novel by Elizabeth Craik it tells the story of John Halifax who, despite humble beginnings, becomes a highly respected local businessman. As partner in a mill he weathers the turbulent economic times of the early 1800s.
6.7	Documentary	N/A
6.8	Drama	N/A
4.7	Documentary, History, War	N/A
3.5	Comedy, Drama, Romance	A young man's life is struck by tragedy. The only way out seems to be suicide but he decides to have a bit of fun first. It takes 200 meaningless women to meet the one woman that could give meaning to his life again.
5.8	Drama	Various lives intersect over the course of 48 hours in Canada's largest and most culturally diverse city.
8.3	Documentary, Music	Avril Lavigne pulled out all the stops for The Best Damn Tour, recorded in front of an ecstatic audience in her home province of Toronto. For her biggest, brightest, most colorful world ...
8.1	Sport	Shinsuke Nakamura defend his NXT Championship against challenger, Samoa Joe. While the rest of the card, show Canada, why this NXT show is the place to be.
5.7	Drama, History	The once clean and healthy city of Toronto becomes the pariah of the western world when a deadly chain of infection lands in the city. Panic spreads as the number of SARS cases increases as there are no effective treatments. In HD.
6.8	Documentary, Music	N/A
6.0	Documentary	Inspired by the unguarded animosity that the mere mention of Toronto incites among the majority of Canadians, filmmakers Albert Nerenberg and Rob Spence follow a character named "Mister ...
7.1	Comedy, Romance	The rich widow Leila disguises herself as a maid and falls in love with her employer Fergus who is a rich Canadian bachelor. Their wealth depends on each getting married within the next year. Whose fooling who in this comedy love affair?
5.4	Comedy, Talk-Show	Taped live before a studio audience at Trinity Studio's in downtown Toronto's distillery district, the Toronto Show features several guest bands, perfomers, and comedians every night.
6.5	Documentary	N/A
6.5	Reality-TV	A spinoff of HGTV's successful show (2008 -) featuring real estate in the Toronto arena. The new and younger professionals in ' Love It or List It, Too' are competing for the final home ...
3.9	Reality-TV	The series originally focused on Jody Claman, Christina Kiesel, Reiko MacKenzie, Ronnie Negus, and Mary Zilba; the second season lineup consisted of Claman, Negus, Zilba, Amanda Hansen, Robin Reichman and Ioulia Reynolds.
8.0	Family, Sport	U.S. coverage of the Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
6.1	Drama	1918 -1942 , A Time Period passed . Vancouver Canada , a Japanese Community and the struggles and triumphs they faced , and the Spirit of a Baseball Team that won over many, and overcame ...
7.4	Short	N/A
6.6	Documentary, Short	A visit to the capital of British Columbia and to its largest city.
8.3	Short, Comedy	It's 3 am in the City of Vancouver. Two cops make a startling discovery when they respond to a report of a disturbance at an elementary school.
7.2	Documentary	N/A
6.7	Comedy, Drama	N/A
5.8	Sport	N/A
7.0	Documentary, Short	N/A
5.9	Documentary	N/A
6.0	Comedy, Drama	A humorous reflection on the phenomenon midlife crisis. Married advertising executive Freek leaves with his young lover Alberta to Canada, where he learns that he is not the successful man he thought he was .
6.0	Comedy, Drama	A humorous reflection on the phenomenon midlife crisis. Married advertising executive Freek leaves with his young lover Alberta to Canada, where he learns that he is not the successful man he thought he was .
6.7	Documentary, Adventure, Drama	Alberta Legacy2 is Continued of Alberta Legacy1 and Discusses about brain drain in Iran.
8.5	Documentary, Short	N/A
7.7	Documentary, Music	This music biography portrays the life of the legendary blues singer and songwriter Alberta Hunter. After 40 years of show business success beginning in the 1920's, Alberta became a nurse. ...
7.3	Short	N/A
N/A	Documentary, Short	N/A
N/A	Drama, Short	N/A
7.0	Film-Noir, Thriller	As two couples are visiting Niagara Falls, tensions between one wife and her husband reach the level of murder.
7.1	Drama, Romance	An outsider and a young woman plagued by Tourette's syndrome meet and together journey to Canada.
7.1	Drama, Romance	An outsider and a young woman plagued by Tourette's syndrome meet and together journey to Canada.
5.8	Drama	The Niagara Motel and the attached Riverside Grill, located in Niagara Falls, are owned and operated by Serbian father and daughter, the always angry Boris and hard working Sophie. Through ...
5.5	Documentary, Short	A stationary camera looks west across Niagara Falls from the United States' side (the Niagara River rushes toward the falls from right to left). Virtually overlooking the falls and ...
6.1	Documentary, Adventure	When pro kayaker Rafa Ortiz decides to follow his dream to paddle over Niagara Falls, he sets in motion an incredible series of events that eventually takes on a life of its own. To prepare...
5.4	Documentary, Short	An IMAX recount of the great history of Niagara Falls. Including the native legends, the historical importance, and the miracles of those who braved these mighty waters.
6.2	Comedy, Romance	Margie Blake, who wants to get married young and have two dozen kids, has a flat tire and traveling salesman Tom Wilson, who believes in "loving 'em and leaving 'em" stops to help. They ...
5.8	Documentary, Short	Here we show Captain N. P. Nissen, formerly known as Captain Bowser, making a trip through the Whirlpool Rapids in his famous twenty-four foot craft known as the "Fool Killer." Captain ...
7.3	Family, Animation, Short	Woody Woodpecker visits Niagara Falls---on the Canadian and American side both, according to some viewers---and asks about going over the famous falls in a barrel which the guard tells him ...
